Add Content Security Policy Reporting Api Support (#52367)
rails/rails: guides/source/security.md

end
```

##### Using the `Report-To` and `Reporting-Endpoints` Headers to send violation reports

INFO: _These headers are part of the **Experimental** [`ReportingAPI`][], and therefore not widely supported by some browsers_

The [`Report-To`][] and [`Reporting-Endpoints`][] headers are used to specify a group of endpoints, for which browsers should send reports related to certain types of issues or policy violations like CSP Violations, Crash and Deprecation Reports.

When present, `report-to` overrides the directive `report-uri`.

Though the `report-to` directive is intended to replace the deprecated `report-uri` directive, `report-to` isn’t supported in most browsers yet. So for compatibility with current browsers while also adding forward compatibility when browsers get `report-to` support, you can specify both `report-uri` and `report-to`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Use the [`report-to`][] directive to send reports to a designated URI.

```ruby
Rails.application.config.content_security_policy do |policy|
  policy.report_to "/csp-violation-report-endpoint"
end
```

> Alternatively, use lambdas to define multiple endpoints that share the same configuration under a single group name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can pass a proc to define multiple endpoints that share the same configuration under a single group name.
```

```ruby

> Rails.application.config.content_security_policy do |policy|
>   policy.report_to "default",  -> { {
>           default: {
>             urls: ["/csp-violation-report-endpoint", "https://example.com/csp-violation-report"],
>             max_age: 30.minutes,
>             include_subdomains: true
>           },
> 
>           group_2: "https://example.com/hpkp-reports"
>     }
>   }
> end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rails.application.config.content_security_policy do |policy|
  policy.report_to "default",  -> do
    {
      default: {
        urls: ["/csp-violation-report-endpoint", "https://example.com/csp-violation-report"],
        max_age: 30.minutes,
        include_subdomains: true
      },

      group_2: "https://example.com/hpkp-reports"
    }
  end
end
```

I've used the `do/end` form here, instead of like I proposed above. I'm not sure which is better, I'm mainly focused on the indentation and alignment of braces here.

end
```

##### Using the `Report-To` and `Reporting-Endpoints` Headers to send violation reports

INFO: _These headers are part of the **Experimental** [`ReportingAPI`][], and therefore not widely supported by some browsers_

> The [`Report-To`][] and [`Reporting-Endpoints`][] headers are used to specify a group of endpoints, for which browsers should send reports related to certain types of issues or policy  violations like CSP Violations, Crash and Deprecation Reports

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [`Report-To`][] and [`Reporting-Endpoints`][] headers are used to specify a group of endpoints, for which browsers should send reports related to certain types of issues or policy violations like CSP Violations, Crash and Deprecation Reports.
```

[`Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only`]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only
[`report-uri`]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/report-uri
[`report-to`]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/report-to
[`out-of-band`]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Out-of-band_datahttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Out-of-band_data
[`Reporting API`]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API

> [`Report-To`]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API

Reviewer: Are these not the same URL?
